More concise definition of launchplan (#5682)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/flyte_fundamentals/tasks_workflows_and_launch_plans.md

## Launch plans

A launch plan in Flyte is a mechanism to define and manage the execution of workflows with 

> predefined or fixed inputs, schedules, and runtime overrides like notifications. It allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
predefined or fixed inputs, schedules, and runtime overrides, like notifications. Launch plans allow
```

workflows to be executed with specific configurations and can be shared for consistent and 

> reproducible executions. Each workflow has a default launch plan generated upon registration, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reproducible executions. Each workflow has a default launch plan generated upon registration, with the same name as the workflow, 
```
